doc(pe): Document policy options (#601)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/plugin-guide/plugin-policy-engine/packages/spinnaker.deployment/tasks.before/deployManifest.md

           object.get(ports,"targetPort",null) == blockedPorts[_]])
}{ 
    #Check for pod
    input.deploy.manifests[_].spec.containers[_].ports[_].containerPort=blockedPorts[_]
} { 
    #Check for pod template
    input.deploy.manifests[_].spec.template.spec.containers[_].ports[_].containerPort=blockedPorts[_]
    }
{{< /prism >}}

This example requires that the annotations 'owner' and 'app' are applied on all deployed infrastructure.

{{< prism lang="rego" line-numbers="true" >}}
package spinnaker.deployment.tasks.before.deployManifest

required_annotations:=["app","owner"]

deny["Manifest is missing a required annotation"] {
    annotations :=input.deploy.manifests[_].metadata.annotations 

    # Use object.get to check if data exists
    object.get(annotations,required_annotations[_],null)==null
}
{{< /prism >}}

## Keys

| Key                              | Type      | Description                                                                                                    |
| -------------------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `input.deploy.account`           | `string`  | The spinnaker account being deployed to.                                                                       |

Reviewer: same comment as above wrt account

| `input.deploy.credentials`       | `string`  | The credentials to use to access the account.                                                                  |

> | `input.deploy.enableTraffic`     | `boolean` | Allow Spinnaker to associate each ReplicaSet deployed in this stage with one or more services, and manage traffic based on your selected rollout strategy options. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `input.deploy.enableTraffic`     | `boolean` | Allow Armory Enterprise to associate each ReplicaSet deployed in this stage with one or more services and manage traffic based on your selected rollout strategy options. |
```

| `input.deploy.moniker.cluster`   | `string`  | The name of the cluster you are deploying to.                                                                  |
| `input.deploy.moniker.detail`    |           |                                                                                                                |
| `input.deploy.moniker.sequence`  |           |                                                                                                                |
| `input.deploy.moniker.stack`     |           |                                                                                                                |
| `input.deploy.namespaceOverride` |           | The namespace the job should deploy to                                                                         |
| `input.deploy.services`          |           | The services that are having their traffic managed, if any.                                                    |
| `input.deploy.source`            | `string`  |                                                                                                                |

> | `input.deploy.strategy`          |           | The rollout strategy tells Spinnaker what to do with the previous version(s) of the ReplicaSet in the cluster. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `input.deploy.strategy`          |           | The rollout strategy tells Armory Enterprise what to do with the previous version(s) of the ReplicaSet in the cluster. |
```
